Ok so.
Find the correct answer.
Put the correct answer into the "answers" array.
Put 3 random answers that are not in the array into the array.
then have each answersX variable select a random element from the "answers" array, and remove it.

---
1. Create the quiz UI (question w/ space for image, and 4 answer boxes)
Could have an array of answers and questions? So for QuestionA ("Which constellation is Aries?") there'd be an array of "AnswersA" which is a list of all the possible answers (so the images). And since the answer is Aries (const 1), the pool of answers must have 1, but they will also have 3 random ones. And only 1 is going to be correct.
So there's a Question. There's a QuestionArray which is all the possible specific questions, and AnswersArray which is all the possible answers. The index of the answer of any given question will always be the same index as the answer. I.e., questionArray[i]'s answer is answerAray[i].
Just have to make sure that when selected th eother (incorrect) answers, it cannot repeat the correct answer. So I have to ensure that the index of the question/answer cannot be chosen.
---
Star-Map:
1. Only not-fully-connected stars glow
        Blue highlight appears when you are on a neighbouring star
        Blue highlight remains until the star is fully connected
2. If you're hovering a finished constellation it should show a checkmark next to your mouse
3. If hovering incomplete constellation, display "incomplete"
4. If you click a finished constellation there's a popup that says "This is [constellation name]. Click here for more details." And if you click that, then the pop-up window appears
5. Add visual cue when constellation is finished (spattering of stars?)
6. If clicking a completed constellation, it should play a different sound to the "nothing is here" sound
7. If there is no startingStar visible, the screen should glow in the direction of the nearest startingStar?
8. Reduce no. of bg stars to 100 each. When you scroll and a star is no longer visible, add windowW/windowH to it; star teleports to edge of the window so it's always visible
---
UI:
1. UI Colour Standardisation pls
2. Replace white colours w/ very light purple
3. Choose a nice font for the constellation names, and increase the font size of the name
---
Library:
1. Ensure user cannot draw while clicking in the constellation Popup window
2. Add a "close window" button top right of the constellationCompletePopup window
3. Write different texts for "astronomy" and "astrology" aspects of each constellation
4. Make things look pretty
5. If the user left clicks off the pop-up window, that should also close it
6. You should be able to click on the constellation in the star map to get the pop-up window to appear
7. You should be able to click on the finished constellation in the canvas to get a pop-up window to appear
8. There should be an image of the constellation next to its name in the library
---
Priorities
1. Should add the ball ache that is going to be "stars with left over connections should glow."
	a. If a stars has no connections. Then the star should only glow if it is a neighbouring star.
	b. If a star has at least ONE connections, but not all of them. Then the star should keep glowing until all its connections are made.
---
Feedback:
1. Add a visual cue when the constellation is finished (particles/confetti/don't be overdramatic about it) (confetti)
Priorities:
2. If you are hovering a completed constellation, it should play a different sound to the "nothing is here" sound and text should pop up saying "You have finished drawing this constellation (Pisces).
---
5. If a neighbouringStar is off screen it show glow much larger.
---
Optimisations:
1. Reduce no. of bg stars to 100 each. When you scroll and a star is no longer visible, add windowW/windowH to it; star teleports to edge of the window so it's always visible
---
Extensions:
1. Telegraph which stars still need to be connected
2. Save and reset feature?
3. Sound slider (in settings?)
---
When I make a constellation, I want its stars to be objects from the constellationStars class.
So when I create a constellation, e.g., Aries
Each star is creates as a constellationStar. But each star also needs its own name.
[I wrote that^^ a while ago. Making each star into an object /might/ work well for cleaning up the code. I could insert each star's neighbouring stars into there instead. but I think that's a lot of effort for a system that is already working well."